+++
title = "Puisi The Charge of The Light Brigade Karya Lord Alfred Tennyson"
date = 2019-07-09T08:18:00Z
updated = 2019-07-09T08:18:16Z
tags = ["Puisi", "Lord Alfred Tennyson", "Puisi Bahasa Inggris"]
draft = false
+++

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on"><div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on"><div style="text-align: justify;">Berikut ini adalah puisi berjudul "The Charge of The Light Brigade" yang dibuat oleh <a href="https://id.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred,_Lord_Tennyson" target="_blank">Lord Alfred Tennyson</a>.</div><br /><div style="background: #FAFAFA; font-size: 14px; height: auto; margin: 0 auto; padding: 50px; text-align: center; width: auto;"><span style="font-size: 18px;"><b>"The Charge of The Light Brigade"</b></span><br />(Karya <a href="https://www.sekata.web.id/tags/lord-alfred-tennyson" target="_blank">Lord Alfred Tennyson</a>)<br /><br /><i>Half a league, half a league,<br />Half a league onward,<br />All in the valley of Death<br />Rode the six hundred.<br />"Forward the Light Brigade!<br />Charge for the guns!" he said.<br />Into the valley of Death<br />Rode the six hundred.<br /><br />Forward, the Light Brigade!"<br />Was there a man dismay'd?<br />Not tho' the soldier knew<br />Some one had blunder'd.<br />Theirs not to make reply,<br />Theirs not to reason why,<br />Theirs but to do and die.<br />Into the valley of Death<br />Rode the six hundred.<br /><br />Cannon to right of them,<br />Cannon to left of them,<br />Cannon in front of them<br />Volley'd and thunder'd;<br />Storm'd at with shot and shell,<br />Boldly they rode and well,<br />Into the jaws of Death,<br />Into the mouth of hell<br />Rode the six hundred.<br /><br />Flash'd all their sabres bare,<br />Flash'd as they turn'd in air<br />Sabring the gunners there,<br />Charging an army, while<br />All the world wonder'd.<br />Plunged in the battery-smoke<br />Right thro' the line they broke;<br />Cossack and Russian<br />Reel'd from the sabre-stroke<br />Shatter'd and sunder'd.<br />Then they rode back, but not,<br />Not the six hundred.<br /><br />Cannon to right of them,<br />Cannon to left of them,<br />Cannon behind them<br />Volley'd and thunder'd;<br />Storm'd at with shot and shell,<br />While horse and hero fell,<br />They that had fought so well<br />Came thro' the jaws of Death,<br />Back from the mouth of hell,<br />All that was left of them,<br />Left of six hundred.<br /><br />When can their glory fade?<br />O the wild charge they made!<br />All the world wonder'd.<br />Honor the charge they made!<br />Honor the Light Brigade,<br />Noble six hundred!</i></div></div></div>
