+++
title = "Puisi The Invitation Karya Oriah Mountain Dreamer"
date = 2019-07-09T06:57:00Z
updated = 2019-07-09T08:18:29Z
tags = ["Puisi", "Oriah Mountain Dreamer", "Puisi Bahasa Inggris"]
draft = false
+++

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on"><div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on"><div style="text-align: justify;">Berikut ini adalah puisi berjudul "The Invitation" yang dibuat oleh <a href="https://me-pedia.org/wiki/Oriah_Mountain_Dreamer" target="_blank">Oriah Mountain Dreamer</a>.</div><br /><div style="background: #FAFAFA; font-size: 14px; height: auto; margin: 0 auto; padding: 50px; text-align: center; width: auto;"><span style="font-size: 18px;"><b>"The Invitation"</b></span><br />(Karya <a href="https://www.sekata.web.id/tags/oriah-mountain-dreamer" target="_blank">Oriah Mountain Dreamer</a>)<br /><br /><i>what you do for a living.<br />I want to know<br />what you ache for<br />and if you dare to dream<br />of meeting your heart's longing.<br /><br />It doesn't interest me<br />how old you are.<br />I want to know<br />if you will risk<br />looking like a fool<br />for love<br />for your dream<br />for the adventure of being alive.<br /><br />It doesnt interest me<br />what planets are<br />squaring your moon...<br />I want to know<br />if you have touched<br />the centre of your own sorrow<br />if have been opened<br />by life's betrayals<br />or have become shrivelled and closed<br />from fear of further pain.<br /><br />I want to know<br />if you can sit with pain<br />mine or your own<br />without moving to hide it<br />or fade it<br />or fix it.<br /><br />I want to know<br />if you can be with joy<br />mine or your own<br />if you can dance with wildness<br />and let the ecstasy fill you<br />to the tips of your fingers and toes<br />without cautioning us<br />to be careful<br />to be realistic<br />to remember the limitations<br />of being human.<br /><br />It doesn't interest me<br />if the story you are telling me<br />is true.<br />I want to know if you can<br />disappoint another<br />to be true to yourself.<br />If you can bear<br />the accusation of betrayal<br />and not betray your own soul.<br />If you can be faithless<br />and therefore trustworthy.<br /><br />I want to know if you can see Beauty<br />even when it is not pretty<br />every day.<br />And if you can source your own life<br />from its presence.<br /><br />I want to know<br />if you can live with failure<br />yours and mine<br />and still stand at the edge of the lake<br />and shout to the silver of the full moon,<br />"Yes."<br /><br />It doesn't interest me<br />to know where you live<br />or how much money you have.<br />I want to know if you can get up<br />after the night of grief and despair<br />weary and bruised to the bone<br />and do what needs to be done<br />to feed the children.<br /><br />It doesn't interest me<br />who you know<br />or how you came to be here.<br />I want to know if you will stand<br />in the centre of the fire<br />with me<br />and not shrink back.<br /><br />It doesn't interest me<br />where or what or with whom<br />you have studied.<br />I want to know<br />what sustains you<br />from the inside<br />when all else falls away.<br /><br />I want to know<br />if you can be alone<br />with yourself<br />and if you truly like<br />the company you keep<br />in the empty moments.</i></div></div></div>
